- Letters
- Documenting as I cannot stand this anymore
  
  We had an argument about Aarya yesterday. Sujavie had asked Aarya to wear a dress she didn't like. Aarya came to me twice and said almost quietly she didn't like to wear it. She was afraid to say it to mum. I told Aarya to dress what she likes but Sujavie ignored that almost to the point of coercing her to wear the first dress. In the end Aarya wore what she wanted.
  
  It became an argument when I said that we should let Aarya make some decisions 9n her own to build her confidence. But Sujavie said it cannot be like that taking examples from her friends. I said the we should take that decision without taking what friends do into our family. She got really angry about why Aarya told it to me instead of her. I think Aarya was afraid that Sujavie would shout at her. I said why is it wrong to tell the dad but Sujavie kept insisting in her line that "I do everything for kids and therefore I should be told everything first…. Kids are mine….". To resolve this, I asked Aarya why she didn't say it to Amma first.
- Aarya said she did but Amma didn't listen. Sujavie was furious. I probably made it worse when I said, "you twist the narrative to suit your story". She started talking about the past incidents etc. And I said we moved on from it last week so let's stop this. I told Aarya next time you should tell these things to Amma first and to Sujavie let's move on and we went on the journey.
  However, Sujavie was in the car with watsala and Madhu for about 1 hour talking about something. I didn't pay much attention. I thought it's some gossip. We had a good time afterwards (or so I thought) - Sujavie was singing and I took pictures of her and kids. I thought we were having a good time.
- But on the way back she didn't say anything to me. I felt as if she was ignoring Aarya as well. I felt something is wrong but kept quiet.. we came home and went to bed. Aarya said she wanted to come to my bed. She slept in my bed when Sujavie came. Sujavie went to bed without saying a word. Usually if ever kids come to my bed she would straight away say I want you by my side so come to me and kids would go. So I asked Sujavie why are you not taking Aarya to bed and why are you ignoring her? Are you punishing her? Before this I asked her can we discuss something quietly (because of the history)?
- This is when everything started. She started saying you are a bad father and you should have asked Aarya to come to my bed because you knew I was said. She started talking about the past week and how hard it has been because she had to put extra effort to share everything with me and looking after me (This is because of the argument we had last week after my letter). And said, she was sad all this time at Madhu place thinking that no matter what we do we can't be happy.
- I was shocked by this and devastated. I thought we made a positive start from last week and thought we had a good time at the party leaving Aarya's incident behind. It made me pretty angry. We argued more about the past and I kept asking why she hates me this much etc etc. And why spoke about plans/ life after my death etc. Why do you think about my death etc. I don't remember lot of details from the heat of the moment. Sujavie kept talking about the past, blaming my parents etc. Etc. I had enough and said I'm not going to the other room this time so stop talking. I told her as gently as I could several times but she wouldn't stop. I felt as I had no other option so I grabbed her phone and threw it away. She got mad and tried to grab my phone. I squeezed her hands and pushed her really hard and tried to hold her with arms in lock. She kicked me and I backed off. She took Aarya back to her bed. We didn't talk afterwards and went to bed.
- In the morning I was pretty upset and thought Sujavie was too. She acted defeated and I felt bad. I thought she felt bad herself and wanted to make amends.  I laid on the sofa for several hours without saying anything. I noticed Sujavie spent lot of time in the master bedroom. She said to kids she cleaned the room.
  Around lunch time, I saw her phone and I checked it to see if she told the incident to the friends. I have never checked her chats before - never bothered to - I thought the hours she spend chatting with them is just gossiping.
  But what I saw was alarming - not only has she told about it but the friends were putting "gasoline on fire" - Madhu had suggested my parents would have instigated me to control her by violence. And there were talks about Sujavie keeping her job to support her if there was a custody battle. Sujavie seems to have told a complete narrative about me, our family and everything else to them. Someone even had asked if I had mental issues.
  I was disgusted by this. Even more so by feeling that all this time the complaints I had about Sujavie (not sharing things with me, spending too much time on chats with friends/family) were true - she was increasingly getting distant from me and sort living in reality where everyone agrees to what she says, sympathizing her and  portraying me as a bad guy. Either one of two things is true: I'm a bad guy/horrible husband or I'm not but they could be seeing me that way because of the narrative she plays.
- The chats Sujavie was having with her friends is an example of this narrative which I believe is largely not true. There was something about me having a call with my parents and then coming back and shouting at her, implying that there was something my parents instigated.
  I have many examples of Sujavie twisting the actual events to her.